.TH "hosp-set" "1" "2024-03-08" "hosp" "ODROID Smart Power Utilities"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
hosp\-set \- set an ODROID Smart Power ON/OFF and START/STOP status
.SH "SYNPOSIS"
.LP
\fBhosp\-set\fP
\fIOPTION\fP
[\fIOPTION\fP]...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
Put an ODROID Smart Power into the desired ON/OFF and START/STOP state.
.LP
ON/OFF controls whether power is provided to the system attached to the device.
Turning on from an off state starts the power flow, but the meters are not started.
.LP
START/STOP controls the current, power, and energy meters.
Starting from a stopped state starts the meters.
Stopping from a started state pauses the energy meter, but the current and power meters continue running.
Starting from a paused state resets the energy meter.
.LP
Requesting to start the device meters while in an off state has no effect.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Prints the help screen.
.TP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-path\fP
Device path (defaults to the first Smart Power found).
.TP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-onoff=0|1\fP
Turn the device ON (1) or OFF (0)
.TP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-startstop=0|1\fP
START (1) or STOP (0) the device meters
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
\fBhosp\-set \-o 1\fP
Turn the device on if not already turned on.
.TP
\fBhosp\-set \-p /dev/hidraw1 \-o 1\fP
Turn the device /dev/hidraw1 on if not already turned on.
.TP
\fBhosp\-set \-o 0\fP
Turn the device off if not already turned off.
.TP
\fBhosp\-set \-s 1\fP
Start the device meters if not already started.
.TP
\fBhosp\-set \-s 0\fP
Stop the device meters if not already stopped.
.TP
\fBhosp\-set \-o 1 \-s 1\fP
Turn the device on if not already on and start the meters if not already started.
.TP
\fBhosp\-set \-o 1 \-s 0\fP
Turn the device on if not already on and stop/pause the meters if already started.
.SH "BUGS"
.LP
Report bugs upstream at <https://github.com/energymon/hosp>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
\fBhosp\-enumerate\fP(1), \fBhosp\-get\fP(1), \fBhosp\-poll\fP(1)